[dramatic instrumental
music plays]
[funky hip-hop beat layers in]
[older Kanan] Previously
on Raising Kanan...
[Kanan] If Raq been
more honest with me.
maybe things would be different
between me and her now.
You still need to
show her respect.
[Lou] I made peace with myself.
- I'm ready to go.
- I got work for you.
- Strap the fuck up.
- The name of the group is Butta.
It's not gon' be easy.
but it will be worthwhile.
[Kanan] So you gon' mess
with this music thing again?
[Juke] Nah. I'm
done with all that.
I'll have one of the guys go and
take your mother to the doctor.
You and Jerome gon' post up here
until I say you could leave.
[Amber] Uncle Marvin!
Call the police. I'ma
circle back on you.
Hey. Ms. Washington.
Is Derek there?
[Kanan] Fame is
dead. O-Cee's gone.
Somebody took out Quân.
- The violence is too much.
- Can't let you walk out on me.
Once you and me jump that
broom. shit stay jumped.
I don't suppose you heard
anything about my friend
who got fished out
of the East River?
Somebody's gonna be
wearing concrete slippers.
You told me to handle that. so
me and Londell did that shit.
[Early] I know you
took out Londell.
Let's say I did kill
that chatty-ass fool.
Fuck you gonna do
about it. Early?
[Raq] Early came through
and told Stefano everything.
What they did to Sal
is a fuckin' sacrilege.
Someone has got to pay.
We heard back from our
friends in the NYPD.
Famous.
Raq hired some dirty
police to kill your friend.
- I need to get at you. 'Nique.
- Welcome. my brother.
[tense music playing]
We need to talk.
[Juke] Krystal gone missing.
Whatever goin' on with
Krystal ain't on me. Kanan.
Krystal coulda got caught up
in your shit like we all do.
This shit ain't... [grunts]
Krystal told me
you like to creep in
the middle of the night.
If you or Krystal
moms hear from her.
you let me know.
I'm gonna let you know.
They found the Jane Doe in a
stairwell over at Edgemere.
[gunshot echoes]
Sorry for your loss.
♪ I'm a hustla. baby ♪
- ♪ I'm a hustla. baby ♪
- ♪ Yeah ♪
♪ I know heartbreaks
Setbacks ♪
♪ Bitch. if I crap out
I'm sure I'ma get back ♪
♪ I been through
The ups and downs ♪
♪ You know I get around ♪
♪ So to me. it's all
a part Of the game ♪
♪ If I ain't the coke
man Or the dope man ♪
♪ I'm almost for sure.
man I gotta take it ♪
♪ No need to say shit
I'm gon' take it ♪
♪ Robberies turn homicide
It's nothin' to play with ♪
♪ Make money
Make-make-make money ♪
♪ When shit hit the fan
We'll take money. Southside ♪
♪ Beef with the best of 'em
Done shot at the rest of 'em ♪
♪ Checks. I'm collectin' 'em
Check. boy. I'm finessin' em ♪
♪ Big bags of bread ♪
♪ Boy. you fuck around Put
a big bag on your head ♪
♪ 'Fore the weather
break You're dead ♪
♪ Let's get to it ♪
♪ They don't do
it Like we do it ♪
♪ Cop it. whip it
Bag it. flip it ♪
♪ Re-up. we up
G'd up. what up? ♪
♪ Runnin' 'round this bitch
Still not givin' a fuck ♪
♪ When it come to that paper
There'll be no complications ♪
♪ Ha-ha. that's right ♪
♪ Put a hole in a nigga
Right in front of you ♪
♪ Your heartbeat pacin' ♪
♪ And it's alright ♪
♪ That's how we do
it On this side ♪
♪ Niggas get to
♪ I know heartbreaks
Setbacks ♪
♪ Bitch. if I crap out
I'm sure I'ma get back ♪
♪ I been through
The ups and downs ♪
♪ You know I get around ♪
♪ So to me. it's all
a part Of the game ♪
♪ If I ain't the coke
man Or the dope man ♪
♪ I'm almost for sure.
man I gotta take it ♪
♪ No need to say shit
I'm gon' take it ♪
♪ Robberies turn homicide
It's nothin' to play with ♪
♪ Ayy. ayy ♪
[sultry female vocalization]
[ominous music playing]
[older Kanan] When
it come to this shit.
you gotta keep it all inside.
Why Krystal?
Fuck. man!
Fuck!
[older Kanan] You can't let
niggas see you shook or hurt.
Or even fucking happy.
You show 'em how you feel.
they gon' figure out a way
to turn it back on you.
On the block.
feelings is weakness.
It's you slippin'.
'Cause when you feelin'.
you ain't thinkin'.
And when you ain't thinkin'.
you a fuckin' mark.
So you keep all that shit inside
until you can't keep
it there no more.
I'm sorry. man.
[anguished grunting]
[crying]
You been talkin' to my son.
This shit is between you and me.
You don't wanna
drag family into it.
This bitch lecturin'
me about family.
How you like that. Akbar?
[chuckles]
Kanan in this as
much as you and me.
And he in it 'cause of you.
'Cause you ain't shit as
a hustler or as a mother.
[tense music playing]
And I bet you didn't even
know I was tappin' that ass.
Did you?
Well. I did. Lou.
A few times.
I'll tell you what.
Big sis likes it a little rough.
[Unique chuckles]
Little mean.
Right?
She like a nigga to take charge.
Yeah.
She even called me "daddy."
And since when your punk-ass
back in the fold. Lou?
Last I heard. you turned pussy
and was sucking that bottle
like a ho working
the last dick left.
I'm right here. 'Nique.
I go where my family go.
Your family goin' nowhere.
You could be goddamn
sure of that.
[music fades]
Thing is. it ain't even
just about Krystal.
It's everybody.
Everything.
I give a fuck about
somebody or something.
that shit gon' get grabbed away.
And me and you both know
she always the one
doin' the takin'.
Snaps and Pop couldn't
have made it plainer.
They said Raq took out Fame.
We know she took out D.
And my father.
Ain't no big leap to Krystal.
And probably O-Cee too.
What the fuck Krystal got to
do wit' your moms. though?
That ain't about business.
And I don't even know
if I buy all that shit
Bonnie and Clyde been
talkin' about. anyway.
Them old motherfuckers
always got an angle.
It'd be just like 'em to put
that in your head about Raq now
so they can twist
that shit around.
Nobody ever need to put
nothin' in my head about Raq.
I know who she is.
Better than anybody.
[somber music playing]
Even you.
So you really thought
you could come here
and tell me what
the fuck to do. huh?
Is you confused. bitch?
You thinkin' that we
back in the bedroom
and you tellin' me to hit
it harder like you do.
You don't get to tell me
what to do up in here.
That is. unless you want
me to hit them skins again.
We both got family. 'Nique.
And if mine's fair
game. so is yours.
Yeah. you got people too.
And I can get to them.
Believe that.
I wish you would.
I really do.
You know. Kanan came here
to talk to me about
working together.
About linkin' to
fuck yo' shit up.
Boy on that "enemy of my
enemy is my friend" tip.
And I'm the fuckin' friend. Raq.
Which makes you the enemy
of your own fuckin' son!
[laughing]
You here tryin' to
protect Kanan from me.
Meanwhile. the boy comin'
through here tryin' to get me
to protect him from you.
[Unique laughs]
[tense music playing]
I'm makin' your whole world
fall apart all
around you. bitch.
And when I'm done...
ain't gon' be nothin' left.
You been warned. nigga.
Do with that what
the fuck you will.
Go find out where Pernessa
and her baby stayin' at.
then we gonna see who
callin' who "daddy."
- [boat bell dinging in distance]
- [traffic humming]
[door bell tinkles]
[Giorgio] Whoa. whoa. whoa.
I just need a minute
of your time. Stefano.
That's all.
Come on.
[sighs]
Look. I know you
pissed off at me.
And-and I get it. I really do.
But it was on some... some
lines got crossed type shit.
I didn't know who
that guy was to you.
If I did. no way Early
woulda handled it like that.
Early says you gave
him the green light.
That you made the call.
No. that nigga's lying.
Man. Early's tryin'
to save his own ass...
That-that doesn't even
matter now. Marvin.
What's done is done.
Can't turn back the
clock and make it right.
I'm just sayin'. you
can't trust that nigga.
[chortles]
Now you tell me I
can't trust him.
But when you gave my
business to Early.
you told me he was Honest
Abe fuckin' Lincoln.
You vouched for him. Marvin.
He's your guy.
Worst mistake I ever made
was gettin' in business
with you and f... Raq.
I shoulda known it at the time.
but I'm a sucker
for a pretty face.
[groans] That sister
of yours... Oy.
[scoffs] My cock hasn't
worked in five years.
I'm still thinkin' with it.
[sighs]
You know. and thanks
to you and yours.
Phil Russo and his fuckin'
gang of misfits in Jersey
think they can go
toe-to-toe with me now.
You know. when you do what I do.
you're only as
strong as the asshole
who's least scared of you.
You know. that guy sees
a chink in the armor.
the whole fuckin' house of
cards comes crashin' down.
And look. t-t-tell Raq I'm done.
No. no. no. No.
look. No more trucks.
No more boats.
No more nothing.
Our business is concluded.
You're on your
own. Yo. come on.
[scoffs] We can figure
this out. Stefano.
[dramatic music playing]
It don't have to be like this.
It already is.
[Giorgio] Let's go.
I'm-I'm just telling you.
man. We can fix this.
[music fades]
[brakes squealing]
[engine revving]
[engine shuts off]
[car door opens. closes]
[both cars start]
I'm sorry I ain't come around
more in the end. Grandma.
Just didn't wanna
see you like that.
And I ain't know
what to say. I...
Look. I know you
said she's my moms
and I gotta respect her...
but too much has happened.
I don't know exactly what
I'm gonna do. Grandma.
I do know you gonna need
to forgive me for it.
[somber music playing]
[music fades]
[ominous music playing]
[indistinct chatter]
I heard about Quân.
Executed in his own casino.
And David Kan.
Murdered in a bathroom.
How many more people will
die because of your business?
That gamblin' shit is way
more dirty than my work.
And David Kan into
all sorts of bullshit.
I don't wanna be
associated with you.
I want you out of
my restaurants.
And I don't care
what you do to me.
I'm old. I want you gone.
I told you before
that you and me.
we in this for the long haul.
That once you get jumped in.
you can't get jumped out.
Look...
I get it.
This shit is way rockier
than we expected.
How 'bout I give you
a couple more points.
Double up on security.
Turn these spots into
Fort fuckin' Knox.
I'm done with you.
So you sayin' you don't
care what I do to you.
but what about the
people close to you?
I've sent my entire
family back to China.
I'm the only one left.
In Chinese mythology.
there's a monster called Hundun.
A blind. deaf. faceless demon.
Hundun is chaos. evil.
corrupting and polluting
all that it touches.
But for me...
what's most scary about
Hundun's true evil
isn't what it does.
but that it can't see itself.
It doesn't know
that it's a monster.
Just like you.
[tense. dramatic music playing]
[car alarm system beeps]
Yo.
What the police talkin' 'bout?
Nothing.
What about Krystal
moms? How's she doin'?
Hurtin'.
Bad.
She and Krys had they problems.
but that was still her baby.
You was they problem. nigga.
Maybe so.
You gon' hit me if
you hear anything.
[car alarm system
beeps. car door opens]
[car engine starts]
[siren wails in distance]
[indistinct chatter]
[tense music playing]
- See you later.
- Bye.
[man 1] What are we doin'?
[woman] Just go around
the block. That's alright.
[man 2] I don't think
they validate. hon!
[engine starts]
[music fades]
You really like that pizza.
And I really don't like you.
[chuckles]
Give me time. I'll grow on you.
I need to talk to
you about that girl.
The one they found in Edgemere.
What do you know about her?
She was just a friend.
We were singin' together.
The fact that you were
asking after a girl
who just showed up dead
makes you what we call
a person of interest.
Get at me when you got a
fuckin' warrant. Five-O.
Till then. fuck you.
One of the tenants in Edgemere
said that they saw a Black woman
leaving the apartment where we
think your friend was murdered.
And?
Last time I checked.
you match that description.
Oh shit. I do. You're right.
Bitch-ass police.
Your peoples keep showing
up at the morgue. Kanan.
That doesn't bode
well for you. son.
Keep asking these police
about all your dead friends.
they gonna start thinking
we might have had something
to do with that shit.
We make a conscious effort to
stay above the proverbial fray.
Too many questions about
unsolved murders...
could raise a red flag
amongst our NYPD contacts.
I'm not asking you to open
up a fuckin' task force.
I just wanna know if these
cops are circlin' anyone.
Hey. we'll ask around.
So what ever happened
with what we told you
about Raq and that
Puerto Rican kid?
Right now. all I wanna know
is what happened to Krystal.
[tense music playing]
[music fades]
Rumor has it that you paid
a visit to the tailor shop.
'Nique said y'all talked about
the possibility of linkin' up.
'Nique talkin'.
I ain't say shit.
For what it's worth.
Pop and I think that
it's a ideal arrangement
for all parties involved.
Especially since we been hearin'
Raq and these Italians
out in Queens got beef.
Been whispers up until now.
but shit is gettin' louder.
Fuck does it matter to y'all
what me and 'Nique are doing?
We want a bigger
piece of the pie
out of Southside Jamaica.
A portion befitting
our appetite.
And Raq ain't cuttin'
them slices like that.
We real hungry.
And we got our own
supplier. Kanan.
And transportation.
Shit's turnkey.
Just say the word. We
could be up in a day.
[Snaps] We bring together
you and Unique...
and then connect
you with our nephew.
He just relocated
to South Jamaica
from a very lucrative
stint in East New York.
And we feel like...
we could corner the market.
What. you thinkin'
'cause I'm young
you can control me or some shit?
[Snaps] On the contrary.
Your youth is your
greatest asset.
You're not set in your ways.
not married to tradition
like all of us old heads.
You can see
opportunity we don't.
Assuming Raq never told
you that your father
made us a whole lot of
money back in the day.
- [Snaps] DefCon.
- [Pop] Hmm.
He was a man of
dignity and integrity.
He was a businessman
of the highest order.
We honor him by honoring you.
And I'm sure you think this
is a bunch of bullshit.
but when you get to be our age.
this is exactly the type
of shit that moves you.
It's something Raq
don't understand.
Because when you disrespect the
niggas that come before you...
you disrespect yourself.
Legacy matters. Kanan.
She threatened my
family. Teresa.
My son and his mother.
And I know nobody know better
than you how that feel.
How old is Jerome?
He's eight.
My son just a baby still.
There was a time when
families were off-limits.
When wives and children
were sacrosanct.
You know. Stefano and Raq.
they don't care
about none of that.
And that's why Sal and Marco
aren't wit' us anymore.
There is not a minute.
a second that goes by
where I don't feel my heart
broken into a million pieces.
- I know.
- [crying]
- [sobbing]
I know.
What does Phil say?
[tense. ominous music playing]
He's just tellin'
me to sit tight.
But you know I can't
do that. Teresa.
Not when my family is in danger.
Phil always had it in for Sally.
Always wanted his seat. But
he was never strong enough.
And now. he just lets
these fuckin' animals
who killed my family
run amok without any
repercussions at all.
Well...
Phil Russo is
gonna hear from me.
Because he needs to know that
me and all of Sally's friends
are sick of him sitting
on his fuckin' hands.
I may not be able to
protect my family.
but Christ as my witness.
I am going to protect yours.
And everyone else's.
God bless you. baby.
[dramatic music playing]
[man on television]
Mr. Black? Joe Louis.
[Black] Well. hello.
We've been expecting you.
Come with me.
[knocking on door]
You been carrying that bag in
the same hand all the time?
Who there?
[Calvin] It's Calvin.
I got your food.
Fuck took you so long. man?
[grunting]
Shoulda dropped you
when I put down Londell.
[rapid gunshots]
[chatter on TV continues]
Man. I ain't got shit
to do with none of this!
That's what they all say. nigga.
- [gunshots]
- [grunt]
[chatter on TV continues]
[Black. on TV] Okay. Champ.
Come on.
You know you're off balance.
[door creaks. closes]
Keep that right foot
back of the left.
I know this gotta be important.
Ain't often you reach out
sayin' we need to talk.
It's Kanan.
And all this shit
that's been happenin'.
[chuckles]
Your cousin still sayin'
that I put down Famous?
I know you know that
I ain't do that. Juke.
I don't know nothin'
no more. Aunt Raq.
Are you serious?
For real?
You think I coulda
done that to that boy?
That child lived with
us for almost a year
when his mom and sister
went into that shelter.
What you know about what
happened to Krystal?
You know. I can almost
understand Kanan havin' doubts.
That's just who he is.
Not you.
I told the both of you. Krystal
came through to the house.
She told me to look after Kanan.
then she went to
the bus station.
Why the fuck would I
do anything to her?
I barely even knew her.
You were one of the last
people to see her alive.
I'ma warn you right now to
watch what you say to me.
'Cause you ain't a
child no more. Juke.
and you're gonna have to
stand behind all the shit
that's comin' out your mouth.
I'm not a child
no more. Aunt Raq.
For my whole life...
I just sat there and watched
while y'all did what you do.
Didn't say a fuckin' word.
Hell. most of the time
you damn near
forgot I was there.
And even when you
did notice me...
it's 'cause I was next to Kanan.
And that's what you
never understood.
Just 'cause I wasn't
sayin' shit...
doesn't mean I
wasn't thinkin' shit.
[somber music playing]
Just 'cause you didn't see me...
didn't mean I didn't see you.
I see you.
Maybe even better than anybody.
I don't even know
where this coming from.
What do you know
about what happened to Krystal?
You're just like
your father. Juke.
Jumpin' in the shit
before you look at
where you're gonna land.
Sloppy.
Rather be like
him than like you.
[music fades]
I appreciate you
agreeing to meet alone.
My guys even see me
sniffing in your direction.
I'll have a fuckin'
mutiny on my hands.
I know the feeling
all too well. Stefano.
Yeah. Teresa Boselli
ripped me a new fucking
asshole last night.
A new asshole on an old asshole.
You're a medical
fuckin' marvel. Phil.
[both laugh]
No. You know. you came to me...
asked me to help you get
rid of Sal. which I did.
Put you in the big chair.
Now you're fuckin'
with my business.
which is disgraceful
and unforgivable.
I underestimated how angry
my guys were gonna
be about Sally.
Now they're looking to me
to exact some retribution.
I don't do anything. the
target ends up on my back.
I don't even know what the
fuck you're saying. Phil.
and neither do you.
Wh-wh-what. they want you
to exact some retribution
for the guy that
you had whacked?
If they knew the truth. they
wouldn't have to look far.
Eh. the real mistake we made
was stickin' our necks
out for these moulinyans.
We both thought that using them
would give the appearance
that we're going toe-to-toe
without actually
going toe-to-toe.
- It all got fucked up. Stefano.
- No. no. no. no. no. no. no.
You came into Queens.
my place of business.
and set up shop.
That's a fuckin' insult
under any circumstances.
It's not like New York doesn't
come out and step on our toes
out in Jersey all
the fucking time.
Hey. Phil. I'm about to go
from stepping on your toes
to kneeling on
your fuckin' neck.
You know. I think... I think
it's high time your fucking
bowling club out in Newark
knew that it's your hands
that have Sal Boselli's
blood all over them.
You know what. Stefano?
I'm not afraid to
admit when I'm wrong.
I overstepped.
And I apologize.
I'ma pull out of Queens.
I'ma put the word out today.
South Jamaica's
off-limits for us.
Givin' it all back to you.
Whoa. you know...
you can't give me back
something that was already mine.
I give. Stefano.
Yeah... alright.
There you go.
[grunting]
[dramatic music playing]
And I take.
[grunts]
- [music fades]
- [indistinct chatter]
I just wanna make sure you
makin' the right decision.
That's all.
'Cause the moves you make now.
they gon' dictate the
moves you gotta make later.
You should be worried about
your own moves. Uncle Lou.
Since when you fuckin'
wit' Raq again?
She my big sister. Kanan.
She. Marvin. Juke.
and you family.
Nothin' ever gon' change that.
[Kanan] Ain't
nobody talkin' about
who sittin' around the
fuckin' dinner table
at Thanksgiving. man.
You sittin' here tellin' me now
you're workin' wit' her again.
After everything she
done put you through.
you back on her bullshit.
My decisions are my own. Kanan.
I stand by 'em.
Just like you gotta do.
That's why hearin' that
you talkin' with 'Nique
is so fucked up.
'Nique ain't just comin'
after your mother.
He comin' after all us.
He lookin' at her and
anybody next to her.
and that ain't me.
And up until now. I didn't
think that was you. neither.
She killed Famous. Uncle Lou.
Who the fuck told
you that? 'Nique?
Don't matter who told me.
What matters is it's true.
She did that shit.
Just like she did D.
I killed D-Wiz. Kanan. Me.
And just like you
said to me before.
I coulda saved him.
But I didn't.
And it's on me.
And it's gon' be on me
for as long as I breathe.
We men. Kanan.
Men. Me and you.
Nobody tell us what to do.
Nobody else carry what we done.
If I said no.
D would still be alive.
I believe that.
I really do.
Raq and I would have
figured out a different way.
but I didn't.
And he's gone.
See. that's the work. Kanan.
That's the hardest part
about becoming a man.
Is taking responsibility
for your own shit.
Pullin' up your
own fuckin' pants.
That's what I'm finally
figuring out. Kanan.
I was the little
brother for so long...
I never realized
I had to grow up.
Your grandmother asked me and
your Uncle Marvin to kill her.
She was dying.
She was in pain.
And she wanted us to
take that from her.
To put a needle in her arm
that would put her
to sleep forever.
Neither of us had the heart
to do that shit. Kanan.
Marvin and me was too scared.
We was too worried about how
it would fuck wit' us later.
Your grandmother just wanted us
to save her from all that pain.
and all me and Marvin was doing
was thinkin' 'bout
our fuckin' selves.
But you know who
could see past herself
and give your
grandmother that peace?
[somber music playing]
Yeah.
Your moms.
While Marvin and me couldn't
take on that shit...
Raq grabbed all of it.
She put it all on her back.
She took that weight on
for your grandmother.
for me.
for Marvin.
For all us.
'Cause that's just how she do.
Your mother...
is more of a man than
any nigga you know.
When Iesha called and
told me about Krystal.
I fell to my knees.
She's not the first
artist I lost...
but she's the youngest.
I mean. y'all are
still children.
You got a whole world
of life ahead of you.
I wanted to see you both
to tell you how sorry I am.
but also to check on you.
Because my feelings for
you didn't end with Butta.
I still care about y'all.
I'm still invested
in your futures.
I still believe in you.
Jukebox?
How you doin'. baby?
I'm okay.
Your cousin was
dating Krystal. right?
Kanan. Yeah.
How's he holding up?
You'd have to ask him.
Kanan got Krystal and Juke
to work out all their
issues from the group.
So they ended up being friends.
[N'Kiyah] That's good.
But it probably
makes it harder too.
[somber music playing]
Jukebox!
Where you at. baby?
What's goin' on in
that head of yours?
Nothin'.
Something's goin' on. Jukebox.
You seem different now.
No.
I was different before.
Now I'm the same again.
[music fades]
Without Stefano. we hangin'
out to fuckin' dry. Marvin.
We out here holdin' our
fuckin' dicks in our hand.
I tried. uh. reasoning with him.
But he wasn't listening.
I'm thinkin' maybe I
can circle back though.
Especially now that
I mopped up Early.
You know. you gotta be the
very fucking definition
of "day late. dollar
short." nigga.
You already fucked it up enough.
I'ma talk to Stefano.
[sighs] You know.
nothin' ever changes.
If I want shit done right.
I gotta do it myself.
You done a whole lot
wrong yourself too.
Fuck you say?
I'm just sayin'.
You ain't perfect.
Nobody perfect.
Is that why you
was telling Stefano
that maybe you should
step up and take my spot?
Who the fuck told you that?
I ain't never said that shit.
Hell. I said the opposite.
He floated that shit by me.
I knocked it down as
soon as he said it.
Yeah. but meanwhile you
in business with him
behind my back.
Fuckin' up my work for yours.
He told me he wanted to keep
what me and him was doin'
on the side to myself.
Told me he didn't like confusing
conversations. or some shit.
Every conversation with
you is confusing. Marvin.
'Cause you always talkin' out
both sides of your fuckin' neck.
You can't keep a story straight
'cause you crooked. nigga.
All twisted and turned and shit.
Always have been.
Always gon' be.
You know. the mistake I made
was the one I always make:
Trusting you.
Believing in you.
You know. you never could
accept that your little sister
jumped the line in
front of her big brother
and you been
lookin' for a reason
to get ahead of me ever since.
Fuck this.
And fuck you.
Walkin' out that door
the least confusin'
this nigga been his
whole fucked up life.
- [door slams]
- Finally figured out
how to shut the fuck up.
but as usual. the shit
is too far gone now.
"Day Late. Dollar Short
Marvin." that's you!
[sighs contentedly]
That was better
than the first time.
That's 'cause you
stopped worrying about it
and you enjoyed it.
Yeah. I think you right.
Is it fucked up that
we just did all that
while this horrible shit
with Krystal's happening?
If we stopped doing everything
when horrible shit happened...
we'd never do nothing.
Hmm.
So...
am I better than your
boyfriend in Atlanta?
[giggles] Shut up!
He goin' to medical
school. right?
You guys play doctor yet?
Girl. you better leave me alone!
You like a bad girl. though.
If you a bad girl. I guess I do.
'Cause I like you...
Juke.
I like you too.
[laughs softly]
[Iesha] Maybe you should
come down to Spelman.
I mean. you got the grades.
and they got scholarships.
Maybe you could go
to school with me.
Shit...
A few months ago. I
woulda had my bags packed
before that even came the
whole way out your mouth.
But...
now I know this where
I'm supposed to be.
But there's nothing
for you in New York.
You've said that
like a million times.
My father's here.
When my mom left...
and Butta ended...
When I left the Army...
my dad had my back.
And... even when he didn't like
the shit I was doing
with my life...
he decided that...
I meant more to him...
than some fucked up
noise he had in his head.
[somber music playing]
My dad's the most
stubborn nigga I know...
and he changed
for me.
He needs me. Iesha.
And if I'm not here
to watch after him...
no one will.
Not Kanan. Not my Uncle Lou.
And definitely not my Aunt Raq.
My dad didn't leave me.
So...
I can't leave him.
[indistinct chatter]
Figure we were in
the neighborhood.
we might as well do
this here and now.
Branford be comin'
through any minute.
Y'all hear back yet from the
NYPD on that other thing?
Not yet.
But we shakin' the trees.
There he is.
["DWYCK" by Gang Starr
featuring Nice & Smooth playing]
♪ Handle it. handle
it. Roy Nice & Smooth ♪
♪ Starr. sure shot... ♪
[older Kanan] This motherfucker.
- Yeah.
- [older Kanan] You already know.
♪ Nice and smooth ♪
- ♪ Hey. hey ♪
- ♪ Hey ♪
♪ Gang Starr has got to
be The sure shot... ♪
- You look beautiful.
- Aw. I feel beautiful. baby.
- Ah.
- How you livin'. Snaps?
- Large as hell. nigga.
- Hmm.
- You know how we do.
- Yeah. no doubt.
Here. allow me to do brief
introductions. gentlemen.
Branford... this is
young Kanan Stark.
The up-and-comer I
was telling you about.
Mm-hmm.
Kanan's youth
belies his success and ambition.
He's an ascendant young star
who is lighting the night sky.
And. Kanan...
Please meet Branford
Frady. our nephew.
He is one of the brightest minds
and boldest thinkers
you will ever encounter.
He is both a scholar
and a visionary.
Learnin' and buildin'
at the same time.
Gentlemen.
I hear you doin' big
things out here. Kanan.
Heard the same thing about you
out in East New York. Branford.
Nah. Only these old
heads call me Branford.
Around the way on the block...
niggas call me Breeze.
Breeze.
Word.
[dramatic music playing]
Yeah.
Huh?
[music fades]
[Marvin] Came in
late last night.
Sounded like you had company.
[laughs] It's all good.
It's your house too.
You can have guests.
It was Iesha.
Butta Iesha?
Didn't know she swing like that.
She figuring some things out.
Figuring things
out is... is good.
Mm. Met up with
Aunt Raq yesterday.
Yeah? How'd that go?
Hm. I was askin' her
about what happened
to Famous and Kanan's girl.
Uh. yeah.
Krystal. I heard about that.
I'm sorry. Shit's tough.
How Kanan doing?
Not good.
You think Aunt Raq had
somethin' to do with it?
With Fame and Kanan
girl? Hell no.
Not at all. Raq'd
never do that.
That ain't her way.
I'd know if she did.
She didn't. I'm telling you.
Shit got real tense when
me and her were talking.
She got kinda angry.
I did too.
Well. a lot going on right now.
There's always a lot going on.
Not like this.
[somber music playing]
Look. we ain't tryin' to arrange
no marriage here. alright?
Ain't no need to
linger for long.
We just wanted y'all to
meet. put eyes on each other.
Nothing more. Nothing less.
Snaps and Pop says
you just like me.
All about your business.
Shit. We agree on that.
we agree on everything.
[Snaps] As my better half said.
this is just an introduction.
a meet and greet.
But we believe
there's an opportunity
for a successful joint venture.
But these things
tend to work best
when they evolve organically.
What about that other nigga
you was talkin' about?
[Pop] Unique most definitely
down with this crime.
Plus. he got the
Italian connects.
so we gon' need him.
[Snaps] At least
in the short term.
But again. that's a
conversation for another time.
You two titans have now
laid eyes on each other.
Breathed the same Southside
Jamaica. Queens. air.
What was once abstraction
is now a reality.
We're moving from theory to
practice. young brothers.
We all know practice
makes perfect.
[dramatic music playing]
[music fades]
["Soldier Boy" by The Shirelles
playing in restaurant]
I'm at a point now. if
I don't get real loud.
ain't nobody gonna
listen to me again.
Make all the fuckin'
noise you want.
Doesn't matter now anyway.
I took a big swing...
and I missed.
[grim music playing]
Assuming Stefano lives
to go another round.
it's gonna be no
holds fuckin' barred.
So we'll do whatever the
fuck it is you need to do.
[sucks teeth]
[music intensifies]
[sighs] They don't know if
Stefano gonna live or die.
But it don't even matter.
As far as we concerned.
he good as gone.
We need to hit
first and hit fast.
Take that nigga
out at the knees.
[door opens]
[door closes]
Kanan Stark.
[tense music playing]
I need to talk to you
about Krystal Bradley.
[music fades]
[knocking on door]
[gentle. somber music playing]
Mr. and Mrs.
Porter. How are you?
[tense. ominous music playing]
When I was dyin'...
Dreamin' of this moment
right fuckin' here.
It's the only shit
that kept me alive.
[inhales deeply. sighs]
[indistinct chatter]
[music fades]
[engine shuts off]
[Pernessa] Home sweet home.
[chuckles]
When we get upstairs.
you need to jump into
that homework right away.
Jerome. I don't
wanna get any more...
[tires squealing]
[tires screeching]
Back up.
You don't wanna fuckin' do that.
Both of you get in
the fuckin' car.
- Please.
- Let's go. nigga.
Get in the motherfuckin' car
before I drop both you and him.
Right here.
Come on. baby.
Gon' be alright.
Just listen to Mommy. okay?
- Just do what I say. okay?
- Mommy!
- We're gonna be okay.
- No. no. no. no. no.
[gasps] Fuck!
He's just a child!
Get the fuck inside.
[tense music playing]
Let's go!
[tires squealing]
[music fades]
You don't know that
it was Raq. Kanan.
All he said is that somebody
maybe saw a Black lady
walkin' outta the apartment.
Tell me you don't
think it was her. Juke.
Tell me!
- I don't know.
- Fuck that.
I do.
I always do.
[Juke scoffs] Kanan!
Wait!
If you ain't wit'
me. you against me!
[grim music playing]
[tense. dramatic music playing]
[glass shatters]
[rumbling explosion]
[engine revving.
tires screeching]
[glass shatters]
[tires screeching]
[flames crackling]
[music fades]
[indistinct chatter]
[engine shuts off]
- Oh. shit.
- Fuck!
[dramatic music playing]
[tires screeching]
[Raq] All the shit they burnin'
down can be built again.
'Nique got a surprise
waitin' on him
that's gonna hurt more than
a couple of boiled goldfish.
[Kanan] Why'd you kill her?
I gotta call you back.
Kill who?
Krystal.
Don't even try bullshittin'.
Police said it was you.
Somebody saw you.
Police got it wrong.
Just like always.
Everybody always got
it wrong. but you.
As far as you concerned.
you ain't never done
nothin' to nobody.
Nah.
I've done shit. Kanan.
Shit I wish I'd never done.
To you.
To other people in my life
that I love and I care about.
But I didn't kill
your girlfriend.
And I swear to that on the most
important thing in my life.
and that's my child.
You.
I swear on you. Kanan. that I
didn't do nothin' to Krystal.
You don't give a fuck about me.
You my life.
You always been my life.
You ain't allowed
to say all that
when you do what
you've done to me.
Know what the most fucked up
part of this shit is. though?
I know you killed Fame too.
- I didn't.
- You did.
I know you did.
What's so fucked up is that
that wasn't enough for
me to do this right here.
You twisted up my
brain so bad...
you killin' my best
friend wasn't enough.
I made excuses for you.
Maybe Fame was snitchin'.
Maybe you knew somethin'
about him I didn't know.
I came up with reasons for you
to explain why you killed
my best fuckin' friend.
I'm always protecting you.
[tense music playing]
But not no more.
I'm done makin' excuses
for you and for me.
Tonight. I'ma do
what I shoulda done.
I would never hurt
you like that.
You don't believe me
because you in so much pain.
But I love you.
Only person you
ever loved is you!
You don't know how
to love nobody else.
Why would I kill Krystal.
Kanan? Why would I do that?
Because you don't want me
to have nobody but you.
Want me all to
your-fuckin'-self.
That's why you killed 'em all.
D. Fame. Krystal.
Even my own fuckin' father!
That's why I gotta
do this right now.
So you can't take nobody
else away from me.
[tense. ominous music playing]
[music intensifies]
[music fades]
[gunshot echoes]
[older Kanan] Fuck
you gonna say? What?
♪ Please allow me To
introduce myself ♪
♪ I'm a man of
wealth And taste ♪
♪ I've been around For
a long. long year ♪
♪ Stole many a man's
Soul and faith ♪
♪ And I was 'round
When Jesus Christ ♪
♪ Had his moment
Of doubt and pain ♪
♪ Made damn sure that Pilate ♪
♪ Washed his hands
And sealed his fate ♪
♪ Ooh ♪
♪ Pleased to meet you
Hope you guess my name ♪
♪ But what's puzzling you
Is the nature of my game ♪
["Sympathy for the Devil" by
The Rolling Stones playing]
♪ I stuck around
St. Petersburg ♪
♪ When I saw it was
a time For a change ♪
♪ Killed the Czar
And his ministers ♪
♪ Anastasia screamed in vain ♪
♪ I rode a tank... ♪